Contributing C4 Annotator (#1322)
data-prep-kit/data-prep-kit: transforms/universal/c4_annotator/README.md

Apply C4 Quality filters
- Retain only lines that end in a terminal punctuation mark (! . " ?)
- Discard any page with fewer than 5 sentences and only retain lines that contain at least 3 words
- [NOT IMPLEMENTED] Remove any page that contained any word on the “List of Dirty, Naughty, Obscene or Otherwise Bad Words”
- Remove any line with the word Javascript.
- Remove any page where the phrase “lorem ipsum” appears
- Remove any pages that contain a curly bracket

Additional filters not mentioned on the list from the paper but on the code:
- Remove lines with one word over 1000 chars
- Remove lines with cookies and terms of use keywords

Apply paragraph filtering from C4
- Remove the documents that have too few or too short paragraphs.

Apply badwords filter from C4
- Remove the documents containing more than a specific fraction of bad words

## Configuration and command line Options

> The set of dictionary keys holding [AnnotatorC4Transform](src/c4a_transform.py) 

Reviewer: The link to the transform.py file is wrong. It should be `dpk_c4_annotator/transform.py `

> The set of dictionary keys holding [AnnotatorC4Transform](src/c4a_transform.py) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The set of dictionary keys holding [AnnotatorC4Transform](dpk_c4_annotator/transform.py ) 
```

* _c4a_filter_lorem_ipsum_ - if True, mark for deletion the documents that contain "lorem ipsum". The default is `True`.
* _c4a_filter_javascript_ - if True, drop lines mentioning "javascript". The default is `True`.
* _c4a_filter_curly_bracket_ - if True, drop documents containing '{' or '}'. The default is `True`.
* _c4a_filter_policy_ - if True, drop lines containing any of the phrases in POLICY_SUBSTRINGS. The default is `True`.
* _c4a_min_paragraphs_ - specifies the minimum number of valid paragraphs in a valid document. Set to -1 to disable. The default is `3`.
* _c4a_min_paragraph_len_ - specifies the minimum length of a valid paragraph in a document. Set to -1 to disable. The default is `200`.
* _c4a_paragraph_delimiter_ - specifies the character used to delimit paragraphs. The default is `\n`.
* _c4a_ldnoobw_url_ - specifies the URL from which the LDNOOBW list will be retrieved.
* _c4a_filter_badwords_ - if True, mark for deletion documents containing bad words. The default is `False`.
* _c4a_badwords_keep_fraction_ - specifies the percentage of pages containing bad words that should be kept.  The default is `0.0`.

> * _c4a_badwords_seed_ - specifies the seed used for the uniform distribution generator for use with keep_fraction. The default is `None`.

Reviewer 2: is it correct that `_` precedes c4a key?

Author: its a markdown formatting to _italicized_ the text .

Additionally, a set of data access-specific arguments are provided that enable
the specification of the location of domain list files, so that these
files could be stored in the local file system or in S3 storage, for example.
The arguments are as follows (and generally match the TransformLauncher's 

> data access arguments but with the `blocklist_' prefix).

Reviewer 2: blocklist_ prefix is mentioned. should be c4a_

Author: done
